c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient.exe.config
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient.exe
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\BookShopSystem.Data.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\BookShopSystem.Models.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\BookShopSystem.Data.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\BookShopSystem.Models.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\obj\Debug\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\obj\Debug\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient.exe
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\obj\Debug\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\DelegateDecompiler.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\DelegateDecompiler.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.Extended.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Mono.Reflection.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShopSystemProject\BookShopSystem.ConsoleClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.Extended.xml
